alright so game Auryn all right I hat
doesn't do that much with his graph is
down
very nice already DJ is racking up the
damage let's see if he can uh pair yep I
was beautiful the hat or he's going to
bear or I he's hit him with a move so he
just took advantage of him knowing that
he was going to block their grab this is
such a good tool against she
he's down to all he saw that was a great
dash tach oh but he should have rolled
nice turn I should read by hat that was
good combo I was excellent forced him to
recover on stage and the shine up step
up Smith he actually needed to use that
shine just the wreck that little bit %
to get him to kill up smashing yeah cuz
that was pretty close
spot just so Pete you know for a species
yeah well she can actually has a
business partnership looking pretty
rough for hat right now
two
Oh still gets hit by get-ups everyone
gets it by the getup supermodel sat
throw that in there yeah oh I did get
the poor sod finally got the first stock
one be funny right to the face he was
being fresh with her Oh loved his wave
shines was actually gonna take him
across the screen
do
oh wow that was actually a pretty far
grab a nice Paul show behalf it's a very
great reaction all right
oh snap and nobody dies Wow fox with the
burn uh-huh even when fox is recovering
his edge guarding you wow he gets it
super upset just switches to mark yeah
obviously the Sheik wasn't working
because it got three stocks but this is
supposed to be the most suppose like the
best matchup in the game on the best
stage yeah and it's easy to see why
folks at trust a combo have drops the
combo again Wow amazing for three
actually wasn't it if he drops it three
times we'll call it a hat-trick hey hey
oh yeah there we go hat trick whoo it's
been less than a minute
that was clever to shield it get up
and then gets up aired first black go
cydia Nintendo
nice I actually that was smart that DJ
went up because if he did get hit gets
another chance yeah else clever recovery
from DJ no jumps he actually tried to
cut him off before he grabbed the ledge
like definitely miss oh he's spooked him
that di was kinda questionable
even when DJ is not here he's here in
spirit and the questionable di
portioning you can't say it's no di is
that's questionable mm-hmm
djs it he just understands marf a bit
more than hat right now every time every
time DJ hit some hat will just fall with
the fair it's kind of clear that has not
Martha main ya like playin on autopilot
yeah you can't do that what an
experienced player Wow Oh hearing a you
even heard the clink yeah it doesn't
matter Fox just the file I'm we're
stalking oh nice spot dodge
oh snap not bad mm-hmm did he just run
up and yeah hey just working mash for
smash he wasn't scared that'll be dash
dash away grab to avoid the down there
and then dash away up smash that read
your call only do that you know they're
gonna grab ya and DJ teasing around that
was pretty amazing DJ was knowing hat
bet his own mother that man that was
really good yeah showed that shows you
guys you just can't go to every